docs(picky-krb): add a minimal README.md file (#274)
Devolutions/picky-rs: picky-krb/README.md

# picky-krb

Provides implementation for types defined in [RFC 4120](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4120.txt).

> ## Serializing and Deserializing raw Kerberos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Serializing and deserializing Kerberos structures
```

> picky-krb serializes raw Kerberos bytes using `picky_asn1_der::from_bytes`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `picky_asn1_der::from_bytes` for deserialization, for example:
```

```rust
use picky_krb::messages::AsRep;
let as_rep: AsRep = picky_asn1_der::from_bytes(&raw).unwrap();
```

> Kerberos structures can be deserialized to raw bytes using `picky_asn1_der::to_vec`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And `picky_asn1_der::to_vec` for serialization, for example:
```

```rust
use picky_krb::messages::TgsReq;
let tgs_req: TgsReq = picky_asn1_der::from_bytes(&raw).unwrap();

> let tgs_req_raw = picky_asn1_der::to_vec(&tgs_req).unwrap();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let tgs_req_encoded = picky_asn1_der::to_vec(&tgs_req).unwrap();
```
